docs: improve rendering of specification files on GH pages (#1597)
coreos/ignition: docs/release-notes.md

### Changes

> - Improve rendering of specification files on GH pages

Reviewer: A bit more idiomatic:

```suggestion
- Improve rendering of spec docs on docs site
```
